The previous step we talked about the importance of API gateways.
You said we would want to intercept all calls between all micro services and have them pass through
API gateway.
Netflix provides an implementation called Zuul.
There are three steps to setting up a zuul server.
number one is create a component for it.
So we would want to create a component for these zuul API gateways server the second thing is to decide what
should it do when it intercepts a request.
So when a currency calculation service is called to currency exchange services intercepted what should
this Zuul API gateway do you need to implement that.
That's the second part the third part is to make sure that all the important requests are configured
to pass through.
The Zuul API gateway.
The first part is to set the component of the second part is to decide what things that the Zuul API should
do when it intercepts a request.
The third part is to make sure that the right requests go through this Zuul API.
Let's get started with the first part that basically setting up a Zuul API gateway server as usual.
Let's go to Star dot spring dot io.
you can almost make it the homepage of your browser because we are going to do it so many times
and we're going to use Maven Java and two zero zero m3.
The group id does not change the artifact id that we would be using now is Netflix Zuul API gateway server.
I would remove all the dependencies that we had selected earlier in the dependences I would want in
here.
Number one you would want to use Zuul So that's number one API gateway features.
And I would also want to add Zuul to the Eureka..
So when ever Zuul instances up and running I'd want to be able to see that in Eureka.
So I'll add Eureka discovery as well and as usual lets add actuator and dev tools as well let's generate
the project extract the zip to a specific folder on your machine and let's import into eclipse.
We already have five projects in that eclipse.
And here comes one more file import existing Mavan projects and the folder I have it in is three Micro
services Netflix Zuul API gateway server.
let's Click finish.
It would take a while if this is the first time you are importing this specific component.
That's basically a Zuul API gateway They will download all dependencies and set the project up for you.
The Netflix Zuul API Gateway server application file.
That's the spring boot application file.
Over here we need to do a couple of things.
One is we would want to enable these Zuul proxy so we would this is the Zuul server on the Zuul server you need
to have this annotation enable zuul proxy import it in.
And the other thing is we would want to register with the name server.
So I'll need to say enable discovery client
Let's organize the imports.
This would also be successful.
And the other thing we would want to do is to configure the application name the server port and the Eureka URL.
Because I have opened a lot of applications right now.
My eclipse is.
acting a little slow let's not really worry about it I'm opening up the application dot properties
dot currency conversion service and I'm copying these three properties from here.
I've copied them into the application dot properties which is present in the Netflix zuul API gateway
server.
The application name we already know that let's copied out from our home page and put it down here.
Netflix Zuul API gateway server.
The port we want to use for the gateway server is eight seven six five.
You can see that the port which we decided to use for the Netflix Zuul API gateway server
is eight seven six five.
And that's what we have configured in here and the Eureka server URL it's same as what we used earlier.
That's cool.
The configuration for the Netflix gateway server is ready.
The API server at the API gateway server is ready.
However we did not tell it what it should do when it intercepts a request.
Let's define that in the next step.
Until then bye bye.